Updates to README (#919)
k0sproject/k0s: README.md

- [Run k0s in Docker](https://docs.k0sproject.io/latest/k0s-in-docker/) - Run k0s controllers and workers in containers.
- For docs, tutorials, and other k0s resources, see [docs main page](https://docs.k0sproject.io).

## Join the Community
If you'd like to help build k0s, please check out our guide to [Contributing](https://docs.k0sproject.io/latest/contributors/overview/) and our [Code of Conduct](https://docs.k0sproject.io/latest/contributors/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/).

## Motivation

_We have seen a gap between the host OS and Kubernetes that runs on top of it: How to ensure they work together as they are upgraded independent from each other? Who’s  responsible for vulnerabilities or performance issues originating from the host OS that affect the K8S on top?_

**&rarr;** k0s is fully self contained. It’s distributed as a single binary with no host OS deps besides the kernel. Any vulnerability or perf issues may be fixed in k0s Kubernetes.

_We have seen K8S with partial FIPS security compliance: How to ensure security compliance for critical applications if only part of the system is FIPS compliant?_

> **&rarr;** k0s core + all included host OS dependencies + components on top may be compiled and packaged as a 100% FIPS compliant distribution with a proper toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**&rarr;** k0s core + all included host OS dependencies + components on top may be compiled and packaged as a 100% FIPS compliant distribution using a proper toolchain.
```

## Other Features

- Kubernetes 1.20, 1.21
- Container Runtime:
  - ContainerD (default)
  - Custom (bring-your-own)
- Control plane storage options:
  - etcd (default for multi-node clusters)
  - sqlite (default for single node clusters)
  - PostgreSQL (external)
  - MySQL (external)
- CNI providers
  - Kube-Router (default)
  - Calico
  - Custom (bring-your-own)
- Control plane isolation:
  - Fully isolated (default)
  - Tainted worker
- Control plane - node communication
  - Konnectivity service (default)
- CoreDNS
- Metrics-server

## Status

k0s is ready for production (starting from v1.21.0+k0s.0). Since the initial release of k0s back in November 2020, we have made numerous releases, improved stability, added new features, and most importantly, listened to our users and community in an effort to create the most modern Kubernetes product out there. The active development continues to make k0s even better.

## Scope

> While some Kubernetes distros package everything and the kitchen sink, k0s tries to minimize the amount of "add-ons" to bundle in. Instead, we aim to provide robust and versatile "base" for running Kubernetes in various setups. Of course we will provide some ways to easily control and setup various "add-ons", but we will not bundle many of those into k0s itself. There're couple of reasons why we think this is the correct way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While some Kubernetes distros package everything and the kitchen sink, k0s tries to minimize the amount of "add-ons" to bundle in. Instead, we aim to provide robust and versatile "base" for running Kubernetes in various setups. Of course we will provide some ways to easily control and setup various "add-ons", but we will not bundle many of those into k0s itself. There are a couple of reasons why we think this is the correct way:
```
